Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
L. A. P. D
L. A. P. D I'm looking for
congresswoman Simmons, please.
And can you tell me what
table she's at, please?
Thank you.
A former district attorney,
the highest-ranking woman
on the house judiciary committee.
And I can tell you from
personal experience,
the maker of one mean margarita…
She has devoted her entire career
to seeing to it that the prerogatives
envisioned by those
who founded this country
are enforced by our legal system,
that the promise of life,
liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness
is passed on to each individual
and to each generation.
Ladies and gentlemen…
Excuse me, congresswoman Simmons…
Oh, thank you for coming.
Can I find you after the reception?
Uh, Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson,
Priority Homicide.
Madam, I need to talk to you
as soon as possible, please.
Is this about Homeland Security?
No, madam.
It's about your daughter.
5 Minutes, ok?
Chief?
So this is about my daughter?
What happened?
Congresswoman Simmons, is there
somewhere I can talk to you by yourself?
I prefer Larry to stay.
All right, um…
Is this your daughter?
Yes, why?
Oh, now you're scaring
me. What happened?
–What's happened?
–I'm sorry to inform you
that your daughter was found
murdered in her house this morning.
You're sure it was her?
–Yes.
–What?
At the moment, it looks like
she died from a blow to the head,
But, uh,
There are indications she
may have been raped as well.
Ohh…
Wait a minute. Are you sure?
Do you have crime scene photos?
Madam, I don't think
you want to see this.
I have to know for sure!
Oh, dear god.
Ohh…
I will take care of the reception
And I'll have your car
brought around back.
Who found her?
When she didn't show up for work
this morning and didn't phone in,
Her boss got ahold of
the guy she rents from,
And, um… Yeah.
Have you made an arrest?
Was your daughter dating anyone?
A boyfriend?
No. No one serious.
Do you have any leads?
Had she mentioned anyone
threatening her lately?
–Did she say anything?
–Now, look,
I know you're trained not
to answer my questions,
But I'm not just a
mother, I'm a former DA.
Do you have any leads?
I'm sorry to try and talk to you
at such a terrible moment, madam.
We'll talk later.
No, no, please wait.
Carla is not the kind of
girl that people want to hurt.
She… she doesn't have stalkers.
Oh, god, this is terrible!
Gabriel, Priority Homicide.
There were no signs of forced entry,
so maybe he was someone Carla knew.
Hmm, or just met.
Lieutenant Tao, how did this go?
Judging from the blood
and general disturbance in the room,
the attack started here…
ended up over here,
and we think we found some prints
that definitely belong to the attacker.
And I've talked to
some of Carla's friends.
She'd been seeing someone
the last few months.
–Broke it off 2 weeks ago.
–Name?
She hadn't introduced him to anyone.
If you could get a name to go
with that boyfriend, I'd like it.
Her mom says she wasn't dating anyone.
Has your mother met everyone who's
spent the night at your house?
I hope not.
Brett Harland, mid-level
marketing executive.
Carla shared an account
with his company,
so they worked together some, I think.
That explains why she kept
it quiet. What does he have?
No record.
A communications degree
is as bad as it gets.
Does he know why we asked
him to come down here?
No, I just called him at work,
told him we need to speak with him.
Where's the fingerprint
report on this guy?
This is taking too long.
Lieutenant Tao is working on the
stuff from the shoeboxes right now
trying to see if it
matches up to our attacker.
Chief?
Why do you need an earpiece?
He's not a pro.
I don't want to scare him,
so I am trying to look
like your assistant.
How am I doing?
Get me another coffee.
Nice try.
You stay here and listen,
and if I say follow up
on something in there,
that means I want you to follow up,
and if that fingerprint
report comes in while I'm gone,
I want to hear about it.
Yes, madam.
–Sorry.
–Hi.
Hi.
Do I need a lawyer?
No, no.
Oh, I'm not supposed to say that.
Oh, I'm not supposed to say no.
Hi, I'm Brenda.
Hi, I'm, Brett.
–Nice to meet you.
–You, too.
Well, you could get a
lawyer if you wanted to,
But I don't think you need one for
the stuff that they want me to ask you.
So I'm not, like, in
trouble or something?
Oh, nobody told you?
No, and I've been waiting
here a long time now.
Oh, no.
They were supposed to…
The people who called you
were supposed to explain…
Um… Ohh no, um,
those detectives!
See, there's this list,
um, that we have of about 100 guys
who we're supposed to
check out for this rape.
A rape?
What put me on this list? I mean,
what do I have to do with anything?
Probably nothing.
I was actually told that
we're eliminating suspects.
What rape? Who was raped?
We're not allowed to
identify rape victims.
Oh, this is so embarrassing.
Um, look, um, we'll go through
these questions really fast, ok?
I don't mean to hurry
you, but I am so behind.
Then what questions?
Very easy.
Where were you between 9 P. M And 12:00?
At a bar with a friend
of mine, uh, Brad.
Ok.
I just need to get Brad's number
in case we need to follow up.
323…
555…
–0167…
–Great.
That's his cell.
Thank you, Buzz.
Let's see, what else…
Oh! We have to swab your cheek.
Ohh, god…
Ohh, shoot!
Oh! Here it is.
Look, why am I on this list?
You want to check?
Yeah. I… I mean, yeah.
–Ok.
–Please.
Oh.
What?
–Oh, um…
–Wh.. wh.. what is it?
Some of your stuff was
found at the victim's house:
an electric razor,
a baseball cap…
Oh, my god. Carla…
–Oh, sir…
–…was raped?
Oh, we're not supposed to… oh, no.
Oh, my god.
–Please, you're not supposed to know that.
–Oh, my god.
Is she all right?
Um…
Look, Carla and I dated for 6 months.
We only just broke up. I think I have
a right to know what's going on here.
I can't.
Did she say that I have
something to do with this?
Oh, no, sir,
no one is accusing you of anything.
It's just that they found your stuff
At the young lady's house, so…
Well, that's because
she was holding onto it
until I… I gave her her key back,
that's all.
Our schedules just
haven't been able to…
Oh, my god.
Is she all right?
I can't…
You know, I… I warned her…
When we broke up, I told her that if
she wanted to do this weird stuff…
Weird stuff?
Oh, maybe I should write that down.
No, no, no, no, it's ok.
It's just routine.
Thank you for the confirmation, Brad.
The fingerprints on this guy's razor
don't match up with the killer's.
Damn it.
I've heard a lot of
weird things around here.
You can tell me.
I have probably heard worse.
Chief?
Brett's prints do not match the rapist.
It's just, you know, drugs.
Drugs.
And, role-playing.
She wanted to experiment sexually.
Look, I think I should call her
to see if she's ok, you know?
She might need me or something.
So is there anything else
that you want from me?
I… I need you to lift your shirt.
We've got some blood
that we can't identify.
Blood? Whose blood?
At the crime scene.
Please, sir, if you could just
lift up your shirt real quick,
It'll just be a second.
Whose blood?
Carla's blood?
Uh, sir, I am genuinely
sorry to tell you that, uh…
during the attack,
Carla Simmons was…
She died?
Someone killed her?
I'm sorry, sir.
Uh, chief,
Pope wants to see you.
My strongest lead is a dead end.
You cannot release my crime scene.
S. I. D Has already been
through everything twice.
It's all memorialized.
You have the dresser and her computer.
Carla's mother wants the rest
of her daughter's things, ok?
She's an emotional wreck right now
–And she's really…
–And she's trying to assert herself into this investigation.
Congresswoman Simmons was one of us.
Would it kill you to make a friend
out of her instead of an enemy?
Look, you have until tomorrow morning.
Send one of your guys over
there and have them get…
We're in the middle of interviews!
Her friends, her co-workers, we're…
I don't know how else to say it.
If you want something from the house,
go get it.
I could stay, if you want.
No, that's not necessary.
Thank you.
Well, actually,
her key is the only one we got
–And it has “do not duplicate”
stamped on it… –Uh-huh.
and I'm responsible for it.
Uh-huh.
I'll keep it and just leave the front
door open for you while you're here.
Ok. Have a good dinner.
Good night.
Feel that…
In your gut?
Is it loaded?
Get off me or you're gonna find out!
Take your mask off.
Take your mask off now!
–Do it!
–Ok, ok, please!
Please, don't shoot me.
You're under arrest for
breaking and entering,
assaulting a police officer…
Wait, wait, wait!
–Attempted rape…
–This is entrapment!
If you so much as move
your little finger,
I'm gonna blow your head off!
Fritz?
Did I wake you up?
Oh, no, I shouldn't have called.
Oh, no, no, no. It's fine,
really. Go back to sleep.
No, no, no. It's no big deal.
It's just…
just kind of a rough evening…
And I just, you know, I just
thought if you were up and all…
Yeah?
Uh, we, uh,
Processed the guy
And he's in the interview room,
And the congresswoman's in Pope's
office waiting to hear what we got.
Ok, ok.
No, no, you know what?
I'm gonna go watch an interview.
No, no, no, no, it's fine, really.
Um, go back to sleep.
No, really, no.
Good night. Ok. Good night.
Are you ok?
Yeah, no, I'm fine.
Uh, where is he?
Uh, interview room.
Sure you want me to do this?
Yes, yes, I don't think
I could be objective.
You'll do fine, sergeant, I'm sure.
Volume here, up and down…
Camera 2, on and off.
I'll be right outside if you need me.
Thank you, Winston.
You didn't have to clear the room, Will.
Well, I feel differently.
–Are you ok?
–Yeah.
Here, sit down, for god's sake.
Why don't you just go home?
Honestly, Will, I'd rather stand.
Please, don't…
don't… don't make such a fuss, ok?
Uh, it's not like I
got shot or anything.
Andrew Lyle Gage.
You're under arrest
for the attempted rape
and battery of a police officer.
–Anything you say can and will be used against you…
–Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
No miranda, please!
–You have the right to an attorney…
–This is the hugest mistake.
–If you cannot afford an attorney…
–I don't need an attorney.
I'm not the one breaking the law here.
–Do you understand your rights, Mr Gage?
–I don't need an attorney!
I'm married.
No one can know about this.
I have children.
I understand.
How old are your kids, huh?
Think they're up for hearing how
daddy plays when mommy's away?
Look, everything here is legal,
ok, for consensual adults.
So your wife consents to
you raping other women, huh?
Wow, that's a new one.
That's a new one.
That's pretty tough stuff, man.
You play hard, huh?
I brought what I thought she would like.
Look at me.
She was the tough one, ok?
And tell me this,
if you ask to be raped…
–I could summarize this for you in one sentence.
–No, no, no, no.
I want to see his face.
What, by leaving the door open?
And the girl from the other night,
she was asking for it, too!
–What girl last night?
–The other girl at the same house!
Don't play with me!
I don't know anything
about anyone last night,
and when I say the woman who did
this to my face was asking for it,
I mean, she was really asking for it.
Asking how?
Online.
Look in my bag. You'll see it.
She had a personal on the Jones list,
under women seeking men S&M
It has directions,
her address book!
She wanted me to do it! Look at it.
I was responding to her, that's all.
She was literally asking for it.
Ok, all right, stop the interview.
Will, please,
tell sergeant Gabriel to
stop the interview, Will.
Miss Johnson, are you all right?
Better things have happened to me.
Congresswoman Simmons, I just want to say
I know that what happened to you is awful,
but I really think that you should
let us finish our investigation
before asking for this progress report.
–Do you have children?
–No.
Then I won't even try and explain.
Please continue.
Tell her what we know.
Ok, all right, um…
First of all, the man
that we arrested tonight
is not the man who killed your daughter.
His prints don't match
any we found at the house.
All right. Anything else?
Are you aware that your
daughter used drugs?
I see we don't have to wait for
the defense to demonize the victim.
Do you know that until
recently Carla had a boyfriend?
I heard about the boyfriends
when they became serious.
Did you know that your daughter
put ads for sex on the internet?
I don't… I don't
have my reading glasses.
It's from the Jones list.
It's a web site that posts
lots of different material,
including personals.
The heading is “beauty needs beast”, and
there's a picture of Carla on the bottom.
You want me to read the text?
Yes.
“I'm young and sexy
”And I've been very, very bad.
”If you're looking
for someone to punish,
”to dominate and control, I need you.
”Come to 354 cedar.
”I'll leave a key under
a rock by the door.
”Enter quietly, undress,
take me by surprise,
”tape my mouth shut so I can't scream.
I don't want to know your face…”
–Excuse me! Excuse me.
Carla did not write that filth.
Excuse me.
How did you find that ad?
Through someone who responded to it.
It's still posted.
I believe the congresswoman
would consider it a personal favor
if you could get that thing down.
It'll be down in the morning, trust me.
Well, excuse me.
We'll, um…
We'll be in touch.
Look, she had to find out
about it sooner or later.
At the end of the investigation,
not in the middle.
The ad can't be changed.
It's the inciting incident.
Cause she was asking to be raped, Will.
She wasn't asking to be murdered.
Hey, what happened?
I can't believe you got dressed
and came all the way down here.
Hey, are you all right?
–Oh.
–Ow. Sorry, sorry.
It's ok.
That looks painful.
You should see the other guy.
–Want to talk about it?
–No.
No, not really, no.
Ok.
There ya go.
That should do it.
Thanks. Thanks.
So, um,
you've been here before.
It's, um,
really self-explanatory.
We've got a fridge.
I've got, um,
milk and apple juice and stuff
and the light switch is over there.
I've got some cereal here,
and, uh,
I've got this cat that I feed.
She's not very friendly, but, uh…
Where are you going?
Didn't you ask me to sleep over?
Not here.
I mean, um,
–I meant on the sofa.
–Oh.
I'm sorry.
It's just that I've
been in a room with, uh,
2 half-naked men today
already and, uh,
it's just about all I can take.
I completely understand.
Do you?
Of course I do, of course.
Ok, so, um, the sofa bed,
uh, you just take off the cushions…
Yeah, I know how to
work a sofa bed, Brenda.
It's fine.
Go to sleep, get some rest.
I'll see you in the morning.
–Ok.
–Ok?
Good night.
“Women torturing men.”
It's a category for guys
who haven't been married.
How many of those things
are you gonna read?
It's research, Tao.
Got them from the personal
section of the Jones list.
“Are you turned on by movies
”where a hunky young sailor
is stripped to the waist,
tied up, and flogged?”
What is with you white people and whips?
“She recreates historically accurate
scene with replicas of whipped—”
Ok, lieutenant, that's enough.
Just because a handful of
people are interested…
Handful? Try million.
A million?
You're telling me a million people
log on to those personals a year?
No, madam.
A million a week.
L. A. P. D
We have a warrant to
search these premises.
Hey, hey, hey!
Don't think about touching that,
whatever it is.
What's that?
I'm guessing it's a degausser,
a magnet here wired to erase information
on these servers here and here,
kind of like an electronic toilet.
Lieutenant Provenza,
could you please make sure
we have all the employees
in this room, please?
We run a respectable business.
Mr Jones, this is a
murder investigation.
–This is paramilitary interference in the exercise of free speech.
–Honey, honey, honey…
No, no! It's the beginnings
of a police state!
Sir, all we're asking you to do
is to take down one web page
and to give us the names
of everyone who's viewed it.
Our customers depend
on us for their privacy.
I will sue your asses
off and I'm not kidding!
If you don't provide us with
the information we'll need,
I'll arrest you,
and I'm not kidding.
We're a membership site,
so we contract people
after they've logged on.
Everyone who visited this young
lady's site will be in these stacks.
Names, addresses, credit cards.
At least we found our murderer.
Now just so we're clear,
we're not here to play
hall monitor to the world.
We don't control content.
You see nothing wrong
with facilitating rape
on your web site?
Look, stopping rape and
murder is your job…
Not ours…
So if you're done here,
can we please get back
to what we were doing?
Sure, absolutely, sir.
Let me help.
Sue me.
Over 600 members of the Jones
list reviewed Carla's ad.
DNA from the rape kit heavily implies
that our killer is
caucasian with red hair.
Since we can't trust the pictures
that these guys post on the web site,
we should go through
their credit cards and DMV
to verify hair color and race.
Also,
judging from what the ME.
found under Carla's fingernails,
she got a good swipe at our guy.
So look for scratches on the face,
neck, and chest.
You got any grandkids?
Great grandkids?
Do you know where I
might find Corey Horowitz?
Are you Corey?
Yes, I am.
Your license says you have red hair.
Yeah, well, I did at the time.
What's your natural color?
You, uh…
Want to find out?
Chief.
Now why don't you try showing
the lady a little respect, dude,
and answer the damn question.
It's brown. Brown hair.
It's all right, sergeant Gabriel.
Thank you for taking time
out of your busy schedule,
Mr Horowitz.
Uh, could anyone other than you
have used your credit card
and computer to access this ad?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm the pledge master around here,
so I let a lot of guys log on.
Do any of those pledges have red hair?
–Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson, L. A. P. D
–Oh, thank god.
You found the attacker.
Jeffrey.
You did, didn't you?
You found the person
who did this to my son?
Yes, madam, I believe we have.
Do you waive your right
to an attorney, Jeffrey,
or do you want your mother
in here to hire one for you?
No, no, I don't want an attorney.
Your prints from the crime scene.
Your blood type.
What do you want to bet
I get a DNA match tomorrow
and I won't need you to tell
me your side of the story?
You'll be under arrest for the
rape and murder of Carla Simmons.
Now is your only chance
to tell me what happened.
Speak now or forever hold your peace.
Ok, I guess I'll go break
the news to your mother.
No, no, no, wait, wait, wait.
Oh, god.
I told them this was gonna happen.
Told who?
Those fraternity boys?
I know you don't want
to tell on them, I do,
but this is serious.
Look where you are.
They gave me the ad.
But they said I didn't have
the balls to do it, you know?
And they were taking bets, right?
So… I had to try.
When I got to her
house, I found the key,
and I snuck in the front door.
I took off all my clothes.
I had the tape ready. I just…
I just did what it said to do in the ad.
Of course.
And she was wrestling with me.
I had her…
Chief.
Ms Simmons.
I thought she was into it, you know?
It was just supposed
to be wild. Just sex.
They said she was
probably a dog, anyway.
But she ended up dead.
It's not like I meant to hurt her.
And, um,
when I finished,
when I let her up, she
got, like, hysterical.
She tried to kill me…
and I'm not kidding.
She pulled a lamp out of the wall
and she hit me in the head with it
and she was just screaming
like she was crazy.
Look.
Then she broke this glass thing.
She… she gouged me
and she was slashing at my neck.
She was trying to kill me.
So I pushed her away.
And then she smashed
her head on the dresser.
And I tried to help her up.
But then her face just
went white, you know, and…
I didn't know what to do.
Then she was dead.
So I… I just… I left.
And I locked the door behind me
and I… I kept the key,
and I didn't want anyone
else to go in there.
But I didn't know what else to do.
I didn't know what else to do.
Bathroom.
Uh, this way.
What…
At least we got him.
Got him for what?
Sergeant, we can't get him for breaking
and entering because Carla left the key.
We can't arrest him for rape
because he reasonably
thought he had consent,
And if we go after him for murder,
he'll argue self-defense
because Carla fought back.
Well, that's for a jury
to decide, isn't it?
Because from where I was sitting,
that was a confession.
Why do we not arrest him?
What's wrong?
What's wrong is that Carla fought back.
Every time you go on-line,
it's like your computer's
having unprotected sex.
And whatever it collects stays with it.
Whatever Carla Simmons did
is on her hard drive.
Somewhere.
Can you show me how she placed her ad?
Yeah.
See, she had auto-fill
for forms like this,
including her credit card, see?
So she would type in whatever copy.
She would attach a photo
from one of her albums.
She liked photos.
And… Boom.
Was she a regular on this site?
Jones list?
No. Just this once.
What about other dating services sites?
No, nothing like it.
Um, an auction account at
eBay. I mean, that's it.
Is there a date and time stamp
on this ad, by any chance?
Yes, indeed.
Can you print it out
again for me, please?
Certainly.
Thank you, lieutenant Tao.
Boss, you have a confession.
What exactly are you trying to prove?
Intent, lieutenant Tao.
Because without intent,
we don't have a murder
and our rapist goes free.
–Hey.
–Fritz.
I was on my way home.
I thought I'd check in,
see how you were holding up.
Oh. I'm fine.
Sorry. I guess I…
Yeah, I guess I…
I guess I should have called.
Well, I wanted to take
a look at you, anyway.
You seem better.
Well, we found the guy
we were hunting for.
Took all day, but…
That's great.
That's good.
So, you ok being on your own?
Yeah.
And thanks for last night.
I guess I sort of felt
like I needed someone there.
Being needed…
that's the next best thing
to being wanted, isn't it?
Listen, why don't you give me a
call when you have a free minute?
These things have a way
of sneaking back up on you.
Brenda?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Later. Bye now.
Yeah. Good night.
Lieutenant Tao, I want pictures
off these internet
dating sites of every guy
between the ages of 20 and 35
in the Los Angeles county area.
Get everyone here to help you.
And, sergeant Gabriel,
I want to bring someone in to
look at a picture of Jeffrey,
now that we have our killer.
You know, chief,
these guys hardly ever
look like their picture.
As it so happens,
I'm more interested in how
they describe themselves.
Right.
And I read Playboy for the articles.
Do you ever see either of these guys?
Uh, just Larry there.
I met him once.
Hi.
I heard Brett was here.
But he can't identify our suspect.
Oh, well, that's ok.
Our suspect confessed anyway.
We just have a few odds
and ends to clear up.
Just a few odds and ends.
Sergeant Gabriel, did you ask
him if he wanted an attorney?
Oh, that's all right.
He doesn't have to.
No, no, no.
If you let these detectives
break the rules once,
they do it every time.
Do you wish to waive your right
to an attorney at this time?
Sure. Thanks.
Ok. I have to watch them
every second, honestly.
So, um,
there are a few things to straighten out
and I want to give you back your stuff,
but first,
since you were so
close to Carla and all,
we wanted to tell you
that she was raped and murdered
because of this ad on the internet.
Oh, my god.
I know.
I never thought she'd take it this far.
Well, you know,
that's what a lot of people said.
So we looked into it,
and it turns out you're right.
This ad was placed by somebody
else using her computer.
There's a date and
time stamp on it, see?
And when this horrible rape
solicitation went up on the Jones list,
we've confirmed that Carla was at work.
It was put on-line using
the auto-fill on her browser.
But there's another reason we know
Carla didn't place this ad,
a much better reason,
in my opinion.
And what's that?
She fought back.
And why would she have done that
if rape was what she intended?
She didn't even know
about the Jones list, no.
Someone else put up this ad.
Someone who had access to her computer.
Someone who knew her work schedule.
Someone who could get
in and out of her house.
And the landlord only issued 2 keys,
and he's 71, doesn't know the
first thing about computers,
and the only other key belonged to you.
What? Are you suggesting
that I put that ad up?
Oh, no, I'm not suggesting that.
I can prove it.
Here's another ad you placed
of yourself on another web site.
Found it this evening.
And under turnoffs,
you put “control freak.”
Kind of ironic,
under the circumstances.
And in this ad that
you placed for Carla,
you misspelled “control”
the same way both times with 2 L's.
You know what?
This is all bullshit, madam.
I'm leaving.
Oh, I wouldn't do that
if I were you, Brett,
for 2 reasons.
First, because we can't arrest
you for rape on this evidence,
unless you really believed
someone would act on your phony ad,
and I don't know how we'd prove that.
and second, because how you
react in the next few minutes
is what the DA. will look at when
deciding whether or not to press charges.
And you're being taped.
Walking out that door
makes you look guilty,
like you wanted the
girl to get what she got.
And you didn't, did you, Brett?
Please tell me you didn't
want her to be raped.
Cause if that's not what you intended,
a judge will throw any charges that we're
trying to file straight out of court.
You didn't physically
touch her yourself,
you didn't attack her,
but if you walk out right now,
that makes it look like
that's what you wanted.
Did you expect people
to read that ad, Brett?
Act on it? Murder Carla?
No! No! No!
That's not what I wanted!
I loved her.
I loved her, ok?
I mean, this is…
This is all some horrible mistake,
and I'm sorry.
I didn't want her to get hurt.
Listen, this is…
Look…
This… this is what happened,
2 weeks ago,
she was… she was driving my car
and we were arguing,
and she gunned it in reverse
and I lost it for a second
and I punched her in the arm.
that's all I did.
I mean, she wasn't even bruised
and I apologized several times,
and she broke up with
me for that one thing,
and I begged her to forgive me.
I explained to her over and over.
I called her a hundred times,
and she never once responded to me.
So you were hurt and you were angry.
Right, right.
I posted that ad.
That's the truth.
But I didn't want
anything to happen to her.
Well, thank you, Brett.
It's not pretty,
but at least we know the truth.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I'm sorrier about this than anything
I've ever done in my entire life.
I know.
Well… um…
here's the stuff Carla
packed up for you.
I'll give you the stuff
and you give me the key.
The key?
Yeah. To Carla's house.
That was the deal you had with her.
She'd give you back your stuff,
and you'd give her back the key.
Oh, yeah. I must have, uh, lost it.
Really? Well…
The landlord only issued 2 keys,
one she kept
and the other she gave to you.
Right. That's mine. You found it.
No. I got it from the guy
who raped and murdered Carla.
He found it outside her house underneath
the rock where you said it would be…
in the ad.
So tell me, Brett,
if you didn't mean for
anyone to rape Carla,
why did you leave the key for him?
Oh, shoot.
Now we have a problem.
Oh, yes, we do,
because if someone dies
as a direct result of the
commission of a felony,
Say like solicitation of rape,
and there was proven intent…
That's first degree murder.
I thought if she knew what
real violence was like,
then she'd know that what
I did was really nothing…
And she would… she would call me.
It was just supposed to be rape.
–Chief?
–Yes?
Chief, she's coming.
–Hi.
I wanted to thank you in person.
Um, Mr Pope here let me read
the transcript of the interview
and I think that will hold up in court.
That's Brenda's specialty.
Thank you. Thanks.
Um, congresswoman Simmons, I'm sorry…
No, I made it worse for myself
by demanding to know
what was going on every step of the way.
I think I could've
spared myself some doubts
about my daughter
if I had just let you do your job.
I can't begin to thank you
for proving that she was
the girl I thought she was.
But I did know her.
So… thank you.
You're welcome.
You ok?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm good. Thanks.
Hey, Fritz?
Yeah. Um… no, no,
no, I haven't slept yet.
Look, I was wondering
if you wanted to…
Have you had breakfast yet?
I want to have breakfast
with you this morning…
If you're available and you don't…
Oh, I have no idea where that is.
Ok. All right,
but you have to give me
really good directions.
Ok. Uh-huh.
So I take a right on Figueroa,
Which is that, which way is it?
Are there 2 Figueroas?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org